The emperor Yuefei fell
Can't get out of bed
What about asking the imperial doctor to follow me to see?
Your Majesty, this is a flesh wound, my love
Yuan'er, what are you doing?
Sure enough, the emperor doesn't care about my people
It was my face.
Without this face
I am nothing
Yuan Erzhen
I am sincere to you
Did I do these things for you?
Didn't you notice?
The emperor doesn't have to do this for me anymore
Similar faces are a waste of time
Why don't you look at the portraits more?
More beautiful
How can you forgive me?
Otherwise, I will burn all those words, the emperor, wait a minute
How difficult is it for the emperor to say these words?
What a pity to burn
It's a pity
Then my emperor should leave quickly
The concubine was a little uncomfortable, so she rested first
Is there anything else you can do now?